who else would you love to work with no
seriously III if you know when you think
of actors like not him no not him I mean
I love Gary Oldman but he's one of the
best well wait a minute well ladies and
gentlemen Gary Oldman
[Applause]
this is amazing alright if you do what I
do this is this is a huge honor so thank
you for coming out here open the office
old wine
no come on man come on I mean yeah this
is like I mean because I'm like Nicole
you've actually had the burden of being
on this show before well you know what
you know who hosting a couple times I
have no recollection of that oh yeah
well no Gary I have I've never been on
the show but my research says you were
here for Tinker Tailor and Dark Knight
Rises oh no I saw this picture down in
the hallway which apparently Nicole
stole that is you know that's an
impersonator a Gary Oldman impersonating
because they this is an industry for
people I mean I I've never been in the
state of California until tonight Wow
well that's uh I mean it sure looks like
you
okay well I'll tell you what I mean
let's let's let's keep this daisy chain
of greatness going I mean is there
somebody is there somebody kind of great
that you want to work with I mean that
you haven't worked in the atoms yeah
yeah
ladies and gentlemen Amy
[Applause]
[Music]
Amy it is so great you could have you
done this show before I have I actually
I was actually scared to come back
because it was like the worst experience
of my life I mean yeah life baby right
why what did you do you um it's really
awkward cuz I cryed off the gate I think
there's a clip of what happened a lot of
Amy Adams
[Applause]
that is where I asked him to he put me
the time that is so horrible and
inappropriate what are you doing I was
like I don't know you and then we did
the interview and he was like oh I went
to a bachelor party with your boyfriend
I was like you didn't don't make me lie
for you and I was bad it was like that
was like a sexual assault when you think
it was horrible I mean it's probably
right your hair so I come back and brave
it well thank you for doing that I mean
it's probably the only way he can meet
women you know but but so we were just
talking but you're nominated right now
for for the master is you know that's a
huge accomplishment obviously and but if
there's like 600 or 700 movies that come
out every year and you know you've got
four nominations now there's a an Emmy
for you know talk show people then and
yeah he's been nominated like once he's
been on the air for ten years and
there's only like six talk shows like he
got nominated once and he didn't even
win between the three of you there's
probably like 40 Academy Award
nomination is throw Andy in there I mean
this is just this is obscene you know
and this guy can't even
[Applause]
all right well when we come back we're
gonna see what other movie stars we can
dig up and
[Applause]
[Music]